it's a real pleasure to be inviting to
speak um before we open up this next
section
uh laura
who we very rarely hear from but who is
the stronger shadow partner of jeremy
himself so laura would you like to take
the microphone and
please give your memories of of david
and what message that you want to pass
on
are you there
yes
thank you demi
and thank you nika it is a great honor
that you invite me to speak
to safety
few words about david
so
as i say
there is
so much i could say about david but i
can't think of no one better than him
so let's hear in his words about
and then he felt passionately about and
that is even more important today
the curriculum blockade was inspired
by a call from indigenous groups in
south america
[Music]
i think that echo is finished laura try
try again
yeah okay
sorry
um
the the curriculum blockade was inspired
by a call for indigenous groups in south
america tied to the climate justice
action network a new global network
created in the lincoln
actions in copenhagen in december 2009
for a kind of anti-columbus day
in honor and defense of the earth
yet it was carried out in the shadow of
a much anticipated announcement later
the cuts
to the tattoo remains of the british
welfare estate from benefits to
education
threatening to throw hundreds of
thousands into unemployment and
thousands already unemployed
into the situation the largest such cut
since before the greatest depression
the great question on everyone's mind
was
will be
there on a cataclysm reaction even worse
was there any possibility
there might not be in france it has
already begun french climate camps had
long begun planning a similar locate at
the total refinery across the channel in
le harvard when they arrived in the 16th
they discovered the refinery already
occupied by its workers
as part of a national-wide pension
dispute that had already shut down
16 of france's 17 old refineries
the police reaction was rebelling as
soon as the environmental activists
appeared the police leap into action
forcing the strikes back into the
refinery and establishing a accordance
in an effort to ensure that under no
conditions should the activists be able
to break through and speak
with the patrolling workers after hours
of effort
a few of cyclists did eventually manage
to break through
just over a decade ago
he wrote
environmental justice won't happen
without social justice
as world leaders prepare to gather in
glasgow next month
for cop 26
we should remember an act in davis wars
let's remember that justice and equality
go hand-in-hand
with caring for our mother earth
and our people
let's do it
for the great david thank you very much